Cross-link the perf review document (#852)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/server/style-guide.md

	..
```

### Performance sensitive areas

> Any PR that can potentially have a performance impact on the `mattermost-server` codebase is encouraged to have a performance review. For more information, please see this [link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Uzt3XHyKhDKipkuCmESkHoPio7vz7VYS4N_5_9ffgNU/edit). Following is a brief list of indicators that are good items to undergo a performance review:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any PR that can potentially have a performance impact on the `mattermost-server` codebase is encouraged to have a performance review. For more information, please see this [link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Uzt3XHyKhDKipkuCmESkHoPio7vz7VYS4N_5_9ffgNU/edit). The following is a brief list of indicators that should to undergo a performance review:
```

- New features that might require benchmarks and/or are missing load-test coverage.

> - PRs touching performance critical parts of the codebase (e.g. `Hub`/`WebConn`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PRs touching performance of critical parts of the codebase (e.g. `Hub`/`WebConn`).
```

> - PRs adding/updating SQL queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PRs adding or updating SQL queries.
```

- Creating goroutines.

> - Doing possibly expensive allocations: `bytes.Buffer` and `[]byte`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Doing potentially expensive allocations: `bytes.Buffer` and `[]byte`:
```

	- Use of `Buffer.Grow`, `Buffer.ReadFrom`, `ioutil.ReadAll`.
	- Creating big slices and maps without capacity when size is known in advance.

> - Recursion, unbounded and deeply nested `for` loops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Recursion, unbounded, and deeply nested `for` loops.
```

Author: Always love oxford commas ;)

- Use of locks and/or other synchronization primitives.

> - Regular expressions, especially creating `regexp.MustCompile` dynamically every time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Regular expressions, especially when creating `regexp.MustCompile` dynamically every time.
```
